README.md, before:

# Lyrify
Make the lyrics of the song you are listening not to appear unless it's time to.

# What, Why, How ?

## First, What?
this is simply just a Js script that changes some Css propirties to make the Lyrics page on Spotify more fun.
-- atleast for me -

so what does it do ? 
it just changes the color of the background of the lyrics page to the color of the inactive lyrics so it makes them disappear - magic ✨✨ - 

so this is how the normal lyrics page look like 'Lame' ugh
<img src="/imgs/Without-Extention.jpg" alt="a pic of the lyrics page on spotify without the extention enabled" width="559" height="468">

now the more fun version ✨

<img src="/imgs/With-Extention.jpg" alt="a pic of the lyrics page on spotify with the extention enabled" width="559" height="468">

## Why? 
First as i said it's more fun.
Secend I always wanted to know how Web Extentions work and always full of ideas to make the webapps better and more fun so i finally started this this simple script on one of my most places i visit (Spotify).

How

Commit message:

more commits, you know how it goes

README.md, after:

# Lyrify
Make the lyrics of the song you are listening not to appear unless it's time to.

# What, Why, How ?

## Firstly, What?
this is simply just a Js script that changes some Css propirties to make the Lyrics page on Spotify more fun.
-- atleast for me -

so what does it do ? 
it just changes the color of the background of the lyrics page to the color of the inactive lyrics so it makes them disappear - magic ✨✨ - 

so this is how the normal lyrics page look like 'Lame' ugh
<img src="/imgs/Without-Extention.jpg" alt="a pic of the lyrics page on spotify without the extention enabled" width="559" height="468">

now the more fun version ✨

<img src="/imgs/With-Extention.jpg" alt="a pic of the lyrics page on spotify with the extention enabled" width="559" height="468">

even more fun thing u can d with it is to just get rid of the Font-Family and it will even look better like this

<img src="/imgs/With-Extention&WIthout-the-Font.jpg" alt="a pic of the lyrics page on spotify with the extention enabled and without the Font-Family" width="559" height="468">



## Why? 
First as i said it's more fun.
Secend I always wanted to know how Web Extentions work and always full of ideas to make the webapps better and more fun so i finally started this this simple script on one of my most places i visit (Spotify).

## How?
